Hey Concord, good to see you.
Here at all of our campuses and online, we're excited that you're here today and to worship together.
If you have a Bible, go ahead and open them up to John chapter five.
We'll get there in just a moment.
I don't know what you had going on this week, but one of the things I did was on Thursday, went to the Braves game with my dad and my brothers.
First time, actually, that the four of us have ever gone, just us.
Obviously, all three of us boys are grown now.
Our one brother lives in Chicago, so it's me.
I'm the oldest and I have a brother who's a couple years younger than me and then baby brother is 13 years younger than me.
I always tell my family, I tell my parents that on any given day, I am trying to be their second favorite son.
I've just given up hope that I'm going to be their favorite son on that day because the deck is stacked against me.
I'll tell you why.
So Kyle, our youngest brother,
lives in Chicago and used to live in Manhattan, so it's a funny thing.
We lived in New York for 10 years and he lived in Georgia.
We moved to Georgia, he moved to Manhattan.
I don't know what's going on there, but anyway.
But he lives in Manhattan, now he lives in Chicago.
So, you know, when a family member, a kid lives out of state or out of the country, he's probably always the favorite, right?
Because you're always thinking about him and he wants to be back home and you remember all that.
So I recognize on any given day it could be calm.
But then my brother Greg, just a couple of years earlier than me.
So my wife and I have three kids.
Greg and his wife have three kids.
But Greg is probably two ways to describe him.
One is he's the white sheep of the family.
He never does anything wrong.
I mean, he's just so sweet, nice and serving.
He's just awesome.
And it's legit.
I mean, I really mean that.
But the other way that I said is Greg is the daughter they never had.
He calls my mom all the time, just to check on her and just tell, you know, they're all into each other's business, that kind of thing.
And so I recognize that if Kyle's not the favorite on any given day, Greg probably is.
I'm probably third, but I'm trying for second every single day.
We went to this praise game.
We didn't know if my dad was going to be able to go a couple of weeks ago because he had a fainting spell.
It was one of those things where he's eating breakfast.
And all of a sudden, a few minutes later, my mom goes into the kitchen and goes, um, what are you doing on the floor?
And, um, he had passed out and then fallen into a floor.
And so a couple of doctor visits later, realized he needed a pacemaker.
Um, I remember after the feigning, I mean, I said, dad, you go to the doctor, I'm gonna see if it's better.
I'm like, do you want to get well?
I mean, are you, you know, you're going to just keep messing around.
Well, thankfully he's got a pacemaker now and he's doing great.
We had a great time, uh, at the, at the Braves game.
But it does bring us to the subject today of do you want to get well?
You know, whether it be somebody who is physically sick, somebody who's spiritually sick, what I mean by that is somebody who is lost in their sins and needs to know Christ, somebody who there's relationships going on and you want things to be well.
A good question is do you want to get well?
Or are you just gonna stay miserable in sickness and sin and all those things?
Well, Jesus encountered a guy that we're gonna look at today in John chapter five.
Would you stand with me please for the reading of God's word?
John chapter five, beginning verse one.
The Bible says, after this, a Jewish festival took place and Jesus went up to Jerusalem.
By the sheep gate in Jerusalem, there is a pool called Bethesda and Aramaic, which has five colonnades.
Within these lay a large number of the disabled, blind, lame and paralyzed.
Then verse five, one man was there who had been disabled for 38 years.
When Jesus saw him lying there and realized he had already been there a long time, he said to him, do you want to get well?
Sir, the disabled man answered, I have no one to put me into the pool when the water has stirred up.
But while I'm coming, someone goes down ahead of me.
Get up, Jesus told him, pick up your mat and walk.
Instantly, the man got well, picked up his mat and started to walk.
Now that day was the Sabbath.
And so the Jews said to the man who had been healed, this is the Sabbath.
The law prohibits you from picking up your mat.
And he replied, the man who made me well told me, pick up your mat and walk.
Who is this man who told you pick up your mat and walk?
They asked.
But the man who was healed did not know who it was because Jesus had slipped away into the crowd that was there.
After this, Jesus found him in the temple and said to him, see, you're well.
Do not sin anymore so that something may worse doesn't happen to you.
The man went and reported to the Jews that it was Jesus who had made him well.
Therefore, the Jews began persecuting Jesus because he was doing these things on the Sabbath.
Let's pray together.
Lord, I pray that you would speak to each one of us through your word.
God, I pray that each of us would see that you want to personally speak to us through your word.
God, we thank you for your written word.
and we pray God as we interact with it over the next few minutes, that we would not just be hearers, but through faith and obedience, we would do what it says.
So Father, show us how to align our lives with your word and by your spirit to follow you each and every day.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
Do you wanna get well?
It's a great, great question.
Do you want to get well?
Four things about this passage that relates to that subject.
Number one is this, like Jesus,
You're taking notes.
Like Jesus, don't be afraid to go to the hard places of the world.
The Bible says here in chapter five verses one, two and three that Jesus went to a festival in Jerusalem and he went to a particular place that was known as Bethesda, five colonies there and there's this pool of water.
I've been to Israel and I remember when our tour guide, Bible scholar, pointed out to us
that the archeologists are quite convinced that this particular place that we were at was the place where this miracle happened.
That's pretty humbling, pretty awesome.
Pretty brings the Bible alive in 3D when you're at a place like that.
At this place, there were people that were there.
Verse three tells us that we're disabled.
Blind and lame and paralyzed.
I've been on mission trips with different parts of the world and it's really sad in some places where there's very poor medical
opportunities for people and just not good medical care.
You see people who are like, ah, if they were just in the States, I think that this whatever happened to them probably could have been healed.
It's like somebody gets a broken leg when they're a kid and there's not good at medical care.
And so then they grow up and they're lame the rest of their lives.
This place that Jesus would have gone to, it would have been a place that would have been sad.
I mean, there's people there day after day.
As a matter of fact, we learned in this story that this one guy had been there 38 years and
was not healed.
There was a sort of magical kind of belief that they had that they believed that some angel came and touched the water.
When the water was moving, you know, the angels touched it.
And so first one in the water gets healed.
And, you know, they would all try to get there.
And so these people were, quite frankly, like this guy 30 years were hopeless.
So I don't know about you.
I don't know where some of the like hard places that you're like, man, I don't know if I could ever go there to try to bring God's love.
Let me give you some examples.
I know people who would never go to prisons to do ministry because it's just, you know, it's hard to get into there because of all the doors and all the whole process.
And it's sort of scary and you don't know what these people are gonna do.
But I know other people, man, they feel so called to prison ministry, you can't keep them out.
I mean, they just go, they get whatever gotta be done.
I know other people who, man, they minister at hospitals the same way.
Whereas you may go,
That's a hard place, man, a lot of suffering, a lot of dying, but whether it be a nurse or doctor or a volunteer or somebody who goes there, even just for other particular ministry, I mean, to go there to them is like, yeah, I'll go there.
Why?
Because people need to get well.
And I'm not just talking about physically well, I'm talking about spiritually well.
They need to be healed, they need spiritual healing.
There's other people, nursing homes is a place
And you're like, man, God would do that.
Other people and some of you college students in middle school and high school students, you may be thinking about this.
I mean, there are some places in the world and maybe God's calling you to go there.
Maybe for a short-term mission trip, maybe the rest of your life.
I'm grateful to God to have been able to serve the Lord in many different places.
And I think one of the ones that I've gone to, just a short-term trip, but in Cairo and Egypt.
And here in the folks who are doing ministry there talk about just
horrible condition that some of those folks who are living in the slums of Egypt and there's just not good anything.
I mean, there's people who are hopeless and they're dying and they're caught in false religion and there's just all sorts of turmoil.
But man, God called these missionaries to go there.
Why?
To take the good news of Jesus there.
Or maybe it's, you know, another place like maybe, maybe around around here and God's calling you to minister to middle school students.
Maybe that's a hard place for you.
You know, maybe it's somebody that, you know, in middle school students, I'm not trying to pick on you.
I'm just trying to say that some of the adults go, man, somebody else need to do that because middle school students, you know, have just various challenges because of the stage of life and kind of things.
And so my point is, whether it be around the world or right here, there are opportunities.
And we need to ask ourselves, am I willing to go to those places because people need to get well?
because if somebody doesn't go, then nobody gets well.
We need to be willing to say, God, like Jesus, don't let me be afraid to go to the hard places of the world.
One of the places that's in Jefferson, Georgia, between Jefferson and Athens, the only way to Athens, you may be familiar with, it's called the Potter's House.
The Potter's House is a place where men who are trying to overcome substance and alcohol abuse go, they check themselves in,
not government mandated or court mandated or anything like that, but they check themselves in.
It's a farm where they do the work there, but they go and they come to that place.
They're many times hopeless.
They've really made lots of bad choices.
It's not only wrecked their own life, but it's wrecked their family.
I've had conversations with men there and they just tell me like, man, I haven't talked to my kids in years.
My wife won't let me back into home.
I'm just gotten out of jail.
I mean, these are the kinds of stories you hear there.
I was there a couple of different occasions.
My daughter's part of a youth ministry at Hebron in Dikula.
And so they were singing.
They were dancing.
They were doing different skits and things like that.
And really sharing the gospel with these guys there.
And men to see, men who then are broken.
And they hear the gospel.
And I remember the night I shared with them the story of Zacchaeus.
And I mean just men coming forward and saying, I want to give my life to Jesus.
God changed their life forever.
It's because students and adults are willing to go to some of the hard places of the world.
So my question to you is, do you see the fact that people need to get well and are you personally willing to go?
Not just send somebody else.
And so if you're a Christian, I ask you, where are the hard places?
Where are the hard places and you're willing to go?
Number two,
What you can't fix in a lifetime of suffering, Jesus can heal in an instant.
Now I need to make a thing for you Bible scholars, a text about the Bible text, the thing that you may notice in your Bible.
So some Bible versions don't have verse four in there.
It's because the verse four is not in the oldest manuscripts.
Not having that verse shouldn't trip any of you up.
I just wanna make sure to point that out.
The same theme that verse four says is repeated in verse seven.
So don't worry about it.
Nobody took a verse out of the Bible, anything like that, so don't get worried about that.
Just wanna make sure you notice that I didn't skip it.
And so that's when it's there.
But verse five begins to say, one man was there at this place who had been disabled for 38 years, 38 years.
It's a long time.
The children of Israel wandered in the wilderness for about 40 years.
It's like the same period of time.
He's wandering, they're wandering, trying to figure it out.
When Jesus saw him lying there and realized that he had already been there for a long time, he said to him, do you want to get well?
All right, let me ask you guys a question.
If the creator of the universe, now he didn't know who it is at the time, but if Jesus asked you, do you want to get well, you know what the answer should have been?
Yes!
You know what his answer was?
Let me give you an excuse for why I'm not well.
That's what he does.
Verse seven, he begins to give an excuse for why he's not well.
I know some people who are having a hard time of getting off of addictions.
You say, do you want to get well?
They'll begin to go down a list of reasons.
So and so did this, so and so did that, boom, boom, boom.
I know people who have marriage issues and what's the problem?
Do you want to get well?
Well, this person and that person and my husband this and my wife that, they just rehash the past.
Jesus can make you well.
Do you want to get well?
Jesus, I don't know what you're struggling with today.
I don't know what you're suffering from today.
Jesus wants to make you well.
And you can be well.
What you can't fix in a lifetime of suffering, Jesus can heal an innocent because the guy made his excuse, sir, verse seven says, I have no one to put me into the pool when the water is stirred up.
But while I'm coming, someone goes down ahead of me.
Again, there was this mythological, magical thing they thought, that if someone puts you in the water, you're gonna be healed.
Jesus looks right at him and says, get up.
Jesus told him, pick up your mat and walk.
Instantly, the man got up.
He got well, picked up his mat and started to walk.
What you can't fix in the lifetime of suffering, Jesus can heal in an instant.
Are you finally at the end of your rope?
Jesus is ready to help.
He's ready to bring healing.
And the process of healing can begin immediately when you surrender it to Him.
So I don't know if it's a relational thing.
I don't know if it's a spiritual thing in your life.
For some of you, it may be salvation.
This is a picture about Jesus can heal people from anything.
And mostly it's a picture to point people to the fact that Jesus died for us on the cross, rose from the dead to be our Savior.
And if you will surrender your life to Him, He will forgive your sin and give you eternal life.
Surrender whatever it is to him and say, Jesus, begin to bring healing today, in this moment, bring healing.
Now, I believe that God can heal in some pretty amazing ways.
Theologically, I believe that God can heal miraculously.
If somebody comes to me and says, hey, will you pray for healing?
Man, I'll pray for a miracle.
I believe that God can if he chooses to.
God can bring a miracle.
Number two, I do believe that God uses medicine.
I was really glad when my dad told me, hey, I passed out and I'm like, dad, will you go to the doctor?
I'm glad he didn't just say, no, I'm just gonna pray about it.
I'm like, no, no, go to the doctor.
God gave the doctor the technology and the skills to know how to help you.
So he went to the doctor.
Sometimes God chooses not to heal, right?
I mean, we know people, but God's grace is sufficient for them, as Corinthians tells us.
And sometimes, quite frankly, healing is eternal healing.
Meaning that a person, the best way God can heal is for them to step right into heaven.
So we understand that.
I had a funny story that happened, maybe it's funny to you, I don't know.
I was a youth pastor, early 20s, and this couple came to me and said, would you pray for our son?
He's a toddler.
Man, I knew he was a toddler.
Will you pray for our son?
His tear ducts aren't opened up yet, and the doctors are telling us he's going to have surgery.
This was their first child, and they were really nervous about surgery.
We prayed together and prayed for him to be healed.
And then as they were walking out the door, they said, Derek, thank you, because we've heard that you've prayed with people before and they've been healed.
And I went, honestly guys, I'm like, I mean, I said this to myself.
I don't know that I'm a faith healer.
I really don't know that about myself.
So if I am, it's like I'm the most surprised person in the room.
So that bothered me all over the night because I thought, well,
Number one, if God heals their son, that they're going to tell people, Derek's a faith healer.
But, and that's not good.
And number two, if they don't, because it would have been a lie, if they doesn't heal him, then they're going to think their faith is not strong enough to bring healing.
And so either way is not a good scenario.
So the next day I asked my boss, Steve Parr, some of you guys know Steve, he's my boss at the time, and I said, Steve, do you know what's up with the situation?
He's like, I don't know, I don't know the family, but I don't know why they would have said that.
I asked our mill store director, Judy, and I said, Judy, do you have any idea?
She goes like, I don't know.
And then I asked another guy on our staff, our evangelism pastor at the time, got him Thomas Hammond, some of you guys know Thomas, he's now the executive director of the Georgia Baptist Mission Board.
Thomas is like a big cut up.
He's always like just playing practical jokes, and I thought,
As strange as it sounds, maybe Thomas put them up to this to try to, you know, I don't know, why would you do that?
It seems sort of mean.
So I asked Thomas, he said, Derek, no, you know, I do a lot of stuff.
I wouldn't have done that.
So I thought, I need to call this family back in, find out what's going on.
So I asked them to come back in.
We, we talked for a few minutes the next day, said, Hey, why do you guys think, you know, I'm like, pray with people and they've been healed.
I mean, what, what are you talking about specifically?
And they said, well,
We heard this story about when you were an intern at the church.
I was a college student at the time, a couple of years before that.
And we were on middle school camp and there was like 300 middle schoolers all roller skating at this place.
One of the girls twisted her ankle and was having a hard time walking.
We rode back on the bus, got back to the lodge where we were staying.
Three flights of stairs because there was no elevator.
And so I was asked to do this.
And so I picked her up and carried her to her room.
college kid, carry a middle school girl to her room, dropped her off at her room.
I mean, it's full of holiness, integrity, all that kind of stuff.
I'm just saying, I just delivered her to her room.
And apparently right after I walked down the hall, she's up jumping around, walking and all this stuff.
She wasn't hurt at all.
She just wanted the college guy to carry her.
So this joke began that I didn't know anything about that Derek has the gift of healing.
Judy, our middle school director, had actually told that couple that one time at the hospital visiting somebody else.
And so they followed it away until that day.
And so anyway, the end of that story is that God actually did heal him, but it's not because I'm a faith healer.
It's just God chose to heal him on that day or in that period of time, not immediately on that day, but God brought healing.
But I say all that to say what you can't fix in a lifetime of suffering.
Jesus can heal in an instant.
Sometimes the thing he needs to heal is your heart.
He needs to heal your heart.
Today I'll deal with what's going on next.
Number three, do you want to get well?
Number three, some people are just looking for something or someone to criticize.
Don't be those people.
Begin in verse 10 or actually at the end of verse nine it says that day was the Sabbath.
And so the Jews said to the man who had been healed, this is the Sabbath.
The law prohibits you from picking up your map.
Let's just pause there a second.
So their man-made laws had made it illegal to pick up a sleeping bag or a mat and just walk a certain length of distance on the Sabbath.
They thought it was too much like work.
And so they had prohibited it.
And so they were going to come down on this guy and criticize him for doing that.
And so they said, hey, why are you picking up your map?
Well, the guy trying to pass the buck
He said, the man who healed me, verse number 11, who made me well, he told me, pick up your man and walk.
And so they asked, who is this man who told you pick up the man and walk?
And they asked, but he didn't know it was.
But the man who was healed did not know who it was because Jesus had slipped away into the crowd that was there.
I don't care what is going on that's good.
There's always gonna be somebody there to criticize it.
I mean, it could be amazing what God is doing.
And there's gonna be some people,
I think they think they have the spiritual gift of criticism.
If you think you have that gift, you may have it, but it ain't a gift.
And you shouldn't be doing it.
We shouldn't be gossiping, backbiting, criticizing.
That's not the way to be.
It's definitely not the way of Christ.
These guys had built these man-made rules to try, you know, a simple, you know, 10 commandments is to remember Sabbath, keep it holy.
And so the point of that is, rest from your work,
and worship God.
But they have made it all about their man-made rules and stuff.
Now, we got to be careful.
Here in the south, you may or may not know this one.
I don't know if this is one that you would hold, but where I was growing up, the Cule farmland, it was absolutely not allowed to cut your grass on Sunday.
If you're cutting your grass, it's work.
Don't cut your grass on Sunday.
And it extended because there's so many farmers around.
And a lawn mower is just a little tractor.
And so if you're cutting grass, then you're working.
And so, man, the deacons of the church, the Sunday school teachers, community leaders, pastors, they would never be caught cutting grass on Sunday.
So I moved to New York, right?
A few years ago, lived in New York for 10 years.
So let me ask you this.
If it snows on Saturday, are you allowed to shovel your driveway on Sunday morning?
You're better.
Are you not going to make it to church?
You better or your driveway is going to be a mess the rest of the winter.
So we would either snowblower or shovel our driveway on Sunday, right?
Well, you extend that to the summertime.
And maybe somebody's job is in IT.
They're on computers all the time.
I mean, every day they're just with computers.
A good thing for them to do on Sunday might be to stay away from the computer and cut grass.
because it's rest for them.
Now I'm not telling you to cut grass or not, that's all your own conviction.
I will tell you when I would tell the people in New York that y'all in the South don't cut your grass on Sundays, they would laugh at you.
They would absolutely, they would think it's just crazy that we would put that kind of prohibition and legalism on life in that way.
I say all that to make an interesting point, right?
That we gotta be careful that we're looking at the scripture
and not man-made traditions and not being critical.
Let me give you one more example that might relate.
Let's say we build a building for middle school and college students to come to Christ.
I mean high school students, middle school students, children, put them all in there right.
And then a year or two later, people come to a business meeting and they go, y'all know that new building.
It's got scratch marks on it.
Carp is getting messed up.
Coke on the floor.
Coke stains.
Are you more excited about the 30 students that have given their lives to Christ?
Or are you more critical because there's a stain on the floor?
See the point?
If we're not careful, we could be like these Jewish leaders who are more critical of what Jesus is doing instead of excited that people are being made well.
So some people are just looking for something or someone to criticize.
Don't be those people.
Let's celebrate what God's doing.
Number four is this.
How will you respond when Jesus does a miracle
in your life.
How will you respond?
This guy, I've already alluded to it a little bit.
This guy, most scholars believe, when he was talking, I'll show you a word in a second that sort of supports this, when he was going back and telling the Jewish leaders about what Jesus did, he wasn't doing it as a word of testimony.
He was quite frankly doing it to tell on Jesus.
He was doing it to try to keep himself out of trouble.
Verse 14,
After this, Jesus found him in the temple and said to him, see, you are well.
Do not sin anymore so that something worse may, doesn't happen to you.
Now, there's truth to the fact that there are some sins that lead to injury and death and things like that.
But not every suffering is a direct result of sin.
So Jesus wasn't trying to say that, that every bit of suffering has to do with sin on your part.
But for this particular guy, Jesus
could have been talking about what happened to him in the past, so he didn't repeat that, it made him disabled, or Jesus could have said, listen, right now you're beginning to try to blame me instead of celebrating the fact that you're well.
This guy's attitude and heart wasn't right, is sort of the bottom line on this, as I read it.
This guy, it says in verse 15 then, the man went and, here's the word, reported to the Jews that it was Jesus who made him well.
This guy didn't go tell him that,
so that they could come and worship Jesus.
This guy went and told them that so he could stay out of trouble.
So, I ask you the question, when a miracle happens in your life, what do you do?
It says verse 16, here's what happened to Jesus.
Therefore, the Jews began persecuting Jesus because he was doing these things on the Sabbath.
Let's imagine you're going to go on a trip.
Vacation, you go from here to the beach.
Man, you're so excited to get everything packed up.
getting a car, first thing you do because you are a good Christian, you remember I'm gonna pray and ask God for a safe trip to the beach.
And so you pray and man, then God gives you just, I mean, good weather on the way down there.
The potty breaks are easy, just the whole thing.
I mean, you get there to the beach and you get there.
And what's the first thing you do?
You forget to say thank you to God.
You get on busy with life and you forget to say thank you.
You know, Jesus tells, I mean, it happened with Jesus one time, 10 lepers came to Jesus and they need to be healed.
Jesus healed them all, and they left.
One came back to say thank you.
And Jesus' question is, where are the other nine?
So my question to you is, when you see God doing a miracle, do you pause and say thank you?
Do you actually tell people about it so that they can honor him and worship him?
Or do you forget?
and you just keep going on with life, just looking at the next problem, the next challenge, or just getting busy with the things of life.
So as grateful followers of Jesus, it should be our regular practice in our daily lives and regularly to just pause and pray and say thank you, and to tell other people so that they can follow Jesus and trust in Him, Jesus can make you well.
If Jesus has saved you, then tell somebody else Jesus can save them too.
If Jesus healed your marriage, tell them Jesus can heal yours.
If Jesus healed you physically, tell them.
If Jesus has healed you financially, if Jesus healed your heart through something that, I mean other people, I mean sometimes things can't be healed from your end.
You do all you can, but man other people and their decisions, Jesus can heal your heart, tell them that too.
Jesus is the healer.
Do you want to get well?
So let me sort of summarize by
The main points again, like Jesus, don't be afraid to go to the hard places of the world.
That may be what some of you need to hear today.
I need to go to a hard place for the sake of the gospel.
Number two, what you can't fix in a lifetime of suffering, Jesus can heal in an instant.
You may need to today surrender something, especially your heart to Jesus and let him heal it.
Number three, some people just looking for someone or something to criticize, don't be those people.
Number four, how will you respond when Jesus does a miracle?
in your life.
Let's pray together.
Our heads are bowed and our eyes are closed.
So I ask you the question, first of all, are you a Christian?
Are you a follower of Jesus?
Many of you would say yes.
And I say, praise God for that.
Then, as a follower of Jesus, are you living out these principles that we studied today in His Word?
I mean, maybe God's spoken to you about one of those things and you say, hey, I need to give my heart to Him, a fresh and anew for healing on
whatever it is.
Or maybe you would say, I need to be willing to go to those hard places.
I need to be a person that keeps my mouth shut and is not critical.
I need to be a person that realizes Jesus can heal in an instant.
So if you're a follower of Jesus right now, then I ask you just to take some time to pray and say, God, how would you have me to apply this message to my life this week?
And now on this campus and across our campuses, those who watch it online, perhaps you need to give your life to Christ right now.
I mean, you're in this room, watch it online and you say, I need to give my life to Jesus.
Then from where you're seated right now, would you just pray to Him and say, Jesus, save me.
Jesus, save me.
Tell Him that you know that you're a sinner and you can't save yourself.
You believe that He died for you on the cross and rose from the grave and you're committing your life to Him.
In this moment, if you just ask Jesus to become your Lord and Savior, when we stand in just a few moments to sing, would you have the courage and the commitment just to come to myself and one of other pastors and just say, today I'm giving my life to Christ?
Maybe you need to do that.
You didn't pray with me yet.
You need to do that.
Then I ask you, maybe you need to grab a friend and say, go with me.
I need to give my life to Christ.
Man, we'll be so excited.
This whole church family would be excited.
Others of you, maybe you've given your life to Christ, but you've never been baptized.
You need to make the commitment to be baptized soon.
Would you come and let one of us know that as well?
Thirdly, maybe there's some who need to say, I want to become a member of Concord.
What a great church family.
And man, I want to be a member here.
You come and let us know that as well.
There may be others.
Maybe it is a call to the mission field, a call to go to the hard places.
Maybe something else you'd like want us to pray with you or pray for you.
Or you want to just come and pray here at the front.
Whatever God's willing you to do, I ask you to do that and be obedient to Him during these next few moments.
Let me pray, we'll stand and you come.
Jesus, we ask that you have your way now during this time of invitation and response.
That each one of us would respond in the way you're calling us to.
It's in Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
Please stand and you come.